it a quasar jet is millions billions of
degrees Celsius
um traveling at relativistic speeds the
human brain is not they're completely
different the quasarjet and the human
brain and yet and yet what's going on
inside of that Quasar jet is replicated
inside of the astrophysicist mind in
terms of the relationships between the
entities that are involved creating the
phenomena
so in the Quasar jet what's going on is
a bunch of physical relationships
between black holes magnetic fields
light matter what's going on inside of
the brain is a bunch of relationships as
well but these abstract relationships
representing the physical ones that are
out there and as we create more
knowledge the model the theory the
explanation that's inside of an
astrophysicist brain of what a quasar is
represents the Quasar with ever greater
accuracy